<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<rss  xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom" 
      xmlns:media="http://search.yahoo.com/mrss/" 
      xmlns:content="http://purl.org/rss/1.0/modules/content/" 
      xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" 
      version="2.0">
<channel>
<title>PSI AIMS SIG Website</title>
<link>https://github.com/PSIAIMS/website/minutes.html</link>
<atom:link href="https://github.com/PSIAIMS/website/minutes.xml" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml"/>
<description></description>
<generator>quarto-1.3.450</generator>
<lastBuildDate>Fri, 19 Jan 2024 00:00:00 GMT</lastBuildDate>
<item>
  <title>Minutes 2024-01-19</title>
  <link>https://github.com/PSIAIMS/website/minutes/2024-01-19/index.html</link>
  <description><![CDATA[ 



<div class="callout callout-style-default callout-tip callout-titled">
<div class="callout-header d-flex align-content-center" data-bs-toggle="collapse" data-bs-target=".callout-1-contents" aria-controls="callout-1" aria-expanded="false" aria-label="Toggle callout">
<div class="callout-icon-container">
<i class="callout-icon"></i>
</div>
<div class="callout-title-container flex-fill">
View Attendee List
</div>
<div class="callout-btn-toggle d-inline-block border-0 py-1 ps-1 pe-0 float-end"><i class="callout-toggle"></i></div>
</div>
<div id="callout-1" class="callout-1-contents callout-collapse collapse">
<div class="callout-body-container callout-body">
<ul>
<li>Martin Brown</li>
<li>Lyn Taylor</li>
<li>Chris Toffis</li>
<li>Michael Cartwright</li>
<li>Christina Fillmore</li>
<li>Matthew Neilson</li>
<li>Camilo Rojas Cifuentes</li>
<li>Irene Vassallo</li>
<li>Alexandra Lauer</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<section id="admin-2024-goals" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="admin-2024-goals">Admin / 2024 Goals</h2>
<p>Couple of meetings back Martin mentioned interest from someone in the US to join AIMS. Upon further communication, found that she had moved from academia to industry and was just interested in finding orientation. So provided some information particularly relevant to US industry groups.</p>
<p>Minutes now to be included on website and not sent out in a word document.</p>
<p>Martin outlined some potential areas for goals in 2024:</p>
<ul>
<li>Website release/communication</li>
<li>Events</li>
<li>R training open source release</li>
<li>Clinical flow chart diagram for R (from data to output)</li>
<li>Data science collaboration on using R with AI/ML</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="psi-conference-2024-events" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="psi-conference-2024-events">PSI Conference / 2024 events</h2>
<p>Discussed PSI conference abstract rejection notes</p>
<p>General feeling from committee that R validation has been done?</p>
<p>Set out problem/landscape more and then response to that in session</p>
<p>Will look to meet with Adam Crisp and discuss conference issues</p>
<ul>
<li>PSI conference more set to individuals now?</li>
<li>Conference is a good opportunity to get together as a SIG</li>
<li>Pressure to reduce travel so focus on 1 conference where attendance based on presenting</li>
</ul>
<p>Possible to do decent workshops online if effort put in</p>
<p>GitHUB workshop plans - September - 4 x 1 hour</p>
<p>Alex not able to present (Kevin could potentially instead?), Irene to help with prep before maternity leave</p>
<p>Novo Nordisk - dont have any elements written down</p>
<ul>
<li>Can we get their information as a blog?</li>
<li>Information all in separate webinars</li>
<li>Better to get understanding from quicker mediums like blogs.</li>
</ul>
<p>Speak to Florian about raw data pilot and get more information on that?</p>
</section>
<section id="r-training-open-source" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="r-training-open-source">R Training Open Source</h2>
<p>Andy - Training material shared with Mike Smith and R consortium</p>
<p>Get done by February - take a look and reassess once released</p>
</section>
<section id="poster-ideas-clinical-flow-chart-diagram-for-r" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="poster-ideas-clinical-flow-chart-diagram-for-r">Poster Ideas / Clinical Flow Chart Diagram for R</h2>
<p>What makes good online training? Programming element</p>
<p>Leveraging shiny apps for remote training - blog about it?</p>
<p>CAMIS - Wilcoxon signed rank test</p>
<p>Gap - Look at from a statistician point of view</p>
<ul>
<li>Sample size</li>
<li>Subgroup analysis</li>
</ul>
<p>Pharma statistics packages</p>
<p>Simplifying pharmaverse - cannot simplify?</p>
</section>
<section id="data-science-collaboration" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="data-science-collaboration">Data Science Collaboration</h2>
<p>Reaching out to data science SIG as a first step</p>
<p>Potentially too much effort to push an idea forward</p>
<p>See where they are, what there focus is currently</p>
</section>
<section id="r-industry-working-groups-feedback" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="r-industry-working-groups-feedback">R Industry Working Groups feedback</h2>
<p>CAMIS (Lyn) - good recent progress - new people, new content, enthusiasm exponentially growing</p>
<p>Busy!</p>
<p>Expanded leadership with Harshal and Chi</p>
<p>Can we get someone to either join R validation Hub or someone from there to join AIMS?</p>
<p>Or just ask them for updates? Important to keep relationship</p>
<p>Set up quarterly updates? Lyn reached out to Juliane and Doug</p>
<p>Pharmaverse (Christina) Looking to make Admiral more stable and preparing for conferences.</p>
<p>RTRS (Christina) bookdown more stabilised - making more organic</p>
<p>Openstatsware updates from Kevin and website</p>
<p>Submissions working group updates from website</p>
<p>Any other active working groups - none that we know of.</p>


</section>

 ]]></description>
  <guid>https://github.com/PSIAIMS/website/minutes/2024-01-19/index.html</guid>
  <pubDate>Fri, 19 Jan 2024 00:00:00 GMT</pubDate>
</item>
</channel>
</rss>
